chore: remove unnecessary instances of "clerk" (#1688)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/astro/sign-in-store.mdx

### Create a custom sign-in flow

> The `$signInStore` store can also be used to build fully custom sign-in flows, if the prebuilt components don't meet your specific needs or if you require more control over the authentication flow. Different sign-in flows include email and password, email and phone codes, email links, and multifactor (MFA). To learn more about using the `$signInStore` store to create custom flows, check out the [custom flow guides.](/docs/custom-flows/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$signInStore` store can also be used to build fully custom sign-in flows, if Clerk's prebuilt components don't meet your specific needs or if you require more control over the authentication flow. Different sign-in flows include email and password, email and phone codes, email links, and multifactor (MFA). To learn more about using the `$signInStore` store to create custom flows, see the [custom flow guides.](/docs/custom-flows/overview)
```
